It is like that.
Don’t be so selfish, okay?
Our child is still young.
Is resigning such a small thing
something you can’t do?
No.
I can’t.
Let me go.
Jian Dao,
come back to me, okay?
You give me the company,
and I’ll return the child to you.
Can’t we live happily
together again?
Zhang Wen Xu,
stop dreaming.
Don’t take my kindness for granted, Jian Dao.
What are you planning to do?
Get out!
Li Bei Qīng,
It’s okay,
I’m here.
Li Bei Qīng,
Who let you in?
Zhang Wen Xu,
you have no shame.
Using a child to threaten a mother,
doesn’t Jian Dao
deserve to have her own life?
Even if you’re the president of Li Shi Group,
this is still my family matter.
It’s not your place to interfere.
I’ll handle this.